Add vector collection backup documentation, update after upgrade to JVector 3 [AI-155] [AI-230] (#1366)
hazelcast/hz-docs: docs/modules/data-structures/pages/vector-collections.adoc

|`N/A`

|max-degree

> |Maximum number of neighbors per node. Note that the meaning of this parameter differs from version 5.5.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Maximum number of neighbors per node. Note that the meaning of this parameter differs from that used in version 5.5.
```

> |Maximum number of neighbors per node. Note that meaning of this parameter is different from 5.5 version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Maximum number of neighbors per node. Note that the meaning of this parameter differs from version 5.5.
```

> |Optional

Reviewer 2: Is it accurate to write that this parameter is optional, given that it cannot be set to null?

Author: it has a default value, so it does not have to be configured explicitly. It cannot be set explicitly to null in Java, it should be similar in XML and YAML but I did not test what would happen.

Author: I define "optional" as "nullable or has reasonable default" (similar to https://docs.hazelcast.com/hazelcast/5.5/migrate/dmt-command-reference). If we want to inform precisely about nullability, it should be separate column. But IMO for the users the most import information is if they have to pass it or not.
